# We want a tool ...

# Input
1. a source file
2. a grammar (pattern match) file
3. a transformation (semantics, rewrite, reformat) file
4. a start-of-block REGEX
5. a termination-of-block REGEX

# Output
The output is the *same* as the input *except* that the marked text blocks have been parsed and reformatted.

Parsing is done using PEG (in this case the Ohm-JS DSL language).

All text that is not marked remains the same.

# Tool 

```
osl "regex-begin" "regex-terminate" .ohm-file .seml-filename <in >out
```

## Example
```
osl '#+ forall ' '#+ ' forall.ohm forall.osl --support=support.js <in.md

```
(The details are slightly messier - see `run.bash`).

This says: 
1. run the tool called `osl` and give it 4 parameters
2. take the input from `stdin` (`in.md`) and output to `stdout`
3. look for a \#s, followed by one `space`, followed the keyword `forall` followed by a `space`
4. once (3) is found, copy all lines[^`]`] up to the end marker - \#s followed by a `space`
5. send the block of text (3-4) to the `glue` tool using the `.ohm` and `.osl` specification files
6. glue the result of (5) onto the rest of the text and start again at (3)

[^1]: A block includes the begin REGEX and does not include the the termination REGEX.  The termination REGEX is deleted.  The begin REGEX is sent to the parse (as the front of the text block).

The 1st parameter is the begin REGEX.

The 2nd parameter is the termination REGEX.

The 3rd parameter is the grammar (`forall.ohm`).

The 4th parameter is the reformatter specification (`forall.osl`)

# Existing Tools - PRE (and Glue)
The tool `pre` does the above, but works only with text replacement (using the ancestor `glue` tool).

`Pre` is useful for writing transpilers and preprocessors.

In this project, we want `pre`, but we want it to deal with JavaScript objects, not just strings

`Pre` is useful for more use-cases.  Try using `pre` first, before considering the use of `osl`.

This project is a nuance on `pre`.

In fact, maybe we'll rewrite `pre` and `glue` using this project (`osl`)